📘 SFT doc rewrite (#3619)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/unsloth_integration.md

Section under construction. Feel free to contribute!

</Tip>

Unsloth is an open‑source framework for fine‑tuning and reinforcement learning that trains LLMs (like Llama, Mistral, Gemma, DeepSeek, and more) up to 2× faster with up to 70% less VRAM, while providing a streamlined, Hugging Face–compatible workflow for training, evaluation, and deployment.

> Unsloth library that is fully compatible with [`SFTTrainer`]. Some benchmarks on 1x A100 listed below:

Reviewer: turbo nit:

```suggestion
Unsloth library that is fully compatible with [`SFTTrainer`]. Some benchmarks on 1 x A100 listed below:
```

> | 1 A100 40GB     | Dataset   | 🤗   | 🤗 + Flash Attention 2 | 🦥 Unsloth | 🦥 VRAM saved |

Reviewer: Is the `VRAM saved` relative to the 🤗 + FA2 combination or the vanilla 🤗 one? Might be good to specify for clarity

| Code Llama 34b  | Slim Orca | 1x  | 1.01x                 | **1.94x** | -22.7%       |
| Llama-2 7b      | Slim Orca | 1x  | 0.96x                 | **1.87x** | -39.3%       |
| Mistral 7b      | Slim Orca | 1x  | 1.17x                 | **1.88x** | -65.9%       |
| Tiny Llama 1.1b | Alpaca    | 1x  | 1.55x                 | **2.74x** | -57.8%       |

First, install `unsloth` according to the [official documentation](https://github.com/unslothai/unsloth). Once installed, you can incorporate unsloth into your workflow in a very simple manner; instead of loading [`~transformers.AutoModelForCausalLM`], you just need to load a `FastLanguageModel` as follows:

```python
import torch
from trl import SFTConfig, SFTTrainer
from unsloth import FastLanguageModel

max_length = 2048 # Supports automatic RoPE Scaling, so choose any number

# Load model
model, tokenizer = FastLanguageModel.from_pretrained(
    model_name="unsloth/mistral-7b",
    max_seq_length=max_length,
    dtype=None,  # None for auto detection. Float16 for Tesla T4, V100, Bfloat16 for Ampere+
    load_in_4bit=True,  # Use 4bit quantization to reduce memory usage. Can be False

>     # token = "hf_...", # use one if using gated models like meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-hf

Reviewer: We don't recommend passing tokens explicitly anymore, so I would remove this avoid user leaks (should be automatically handled by `huggingface-cli` now)
